Add configurable keyboard shortcut to focus search input (#1411)
just-the-docs/just-the-docs: docs/configuration.md

  # Enable or disable the search button that appears in the bottom right corner of every page
  # Supports true or false (default)
  button: false

>   # Focus the search input by pressing `ctrl + <provided_key>` (or `cmd + <provided_key>` on macOS)

Reviewer: Nit on consistency:

```suggestion
  # Focus the search input by pressing `ctrl + focus_shortcut_key` (or `cmd + focus_shortcut_key` on macOS)
```

>   # Focus the search input by pressing `ctrl + focus_shortcut_key` (or `cmd + focus_shortcut_key` on macOS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Focus the search input by pressing `ctrl + focus_shortcut_key` (on Windows and macOS)
```
